[OBSDEF-9084]  SNMP notifier (#847)
EMCECS/charts: snmp-notifier/README.md

# Helm Chart for Deploying Dell EMC SNMP Notifier
This chart allows the user to deploy a Dell EMC SNMP Notifier in the Kubernetes cluster for a product. The SNMP Notifier send TRAPs to the configured SNMP manager.

## Table of Contents

* [Description](#description)
* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Quick Start](#quick-start)
* [Configuration](#configuration)

## Description

This Helm chart deploys:
1. A k8s deployment  SNMP notifier pod for the product:
   `<release-name>-<product>-snmp-notifier-xxx`
2. A Notifier CR with GRPC information for KAHM to connect to send events
3. A secret to store the SNMP manager configration information
4. Application resource

> 5. Application Configmap to define rules to send TEST TRAPs

Reviewer: is this still accurate?

Author: yes

    $ helm repo update
    ```

3. Install the Dell EMC SNMP Notifier for the product: 
    - **product** and **host** are the **required** parameters
    ```
    $ helm install snmp-notifier objectscale/snmp-notifier --set product=objectscale,snmpServer.host="10.11.12.13"
    ```
    Note: by default v2c SNMP notifier will be confgured with "public" community string. Please see the configuration section for v3 configuration.

4. Verify the pod and service is available:
    ```bash
    $ kubectl get pod,svc -l release=snmp-notifier

    NAME                                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
    pod/snmp-notifier-objectscale-snmp-notifier-66696cc888-cn44k   1/1     Running   1          42h
    
    NAME                                              TYPE        CLUSTER-IP     EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)     AGE
    service/snmp-notifier-objectscale-snmp-notifier   ClusterIP   10.96.244.12   <none>        50051/TCP   42h
    ```

## Configuration

### configure v3 SNMP notifier to send v3 SNMP traps
In order to setup SNMP v3 notifier, the following configuration parameters are required:

 1. version
 2. username
 3. securityLevel
 4. engineID

> If securityLevel is "auth", then the following parameters are mandatory in addtion to the above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If securityLevel is "auth", then the following parameters are mandatory in addition to the above
```

 1. authPass
 2. authProtocol

> If securityLevel is "authpriv", then the following parameters are mandatory in addtion to the above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If securityLevel is "authpriv", then the following parameters are mandatory in addition to the above
```

 1. privPass

>  2. privProtocol

Reviewer: does this mean we also need authPass and authProtocol?

Author: correct.

    ```
    $ helm install snmp-notifier objectscale/snmp-notifier --set product=objectscale,snmpServer.host="10.11.12.13",snmpServer.version=v3, snmpServer.username="xxx",snmpServer.securityLevel="none", snmpServer.EngineID="<Hexadecimal string>"
   
    $ helm install snmp-notifier objectscale/snmp-notifier --set product=objectscale,snmpServer.host="10.11.12.13",snmpServer.version=v3, snmpServer.username="xxx",snmpServer.securityLevel="auth", snmpServer.authPass=yyyy,snmpServer.authProtocol=MD5,snmpServer.engineID="2345678910FFEEED"

    $ helm install snmp-notifier objectscale/snmp-notifier --set product=objectscale,snmpServer.host="10.11.12.13",snmpServer.version=v3, snmpServer.username="xxx",snmpServer.securityLevel="authpriv", snmpServer.authPass=yyyy,snmpServer.authProtocol=MD5,privPass=zzzz,privProtocol=SHA,snmpServer.engineID="2345678910FFEEED"
    ```

## TEST-TRAPS

> In order to test SNMP TRAPs, a test-trap event need to generate in the same namepace where the snmp-notifier is configured. The following command need to execute in order to send SNMP TEST TRAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to test SNMP traps, use the following command to generate a test trap event for kahm: 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```
kubectl get app | grep snmp
```
Then use the name above to insert it into the following command for the test trap event:
